i enjoy resetting 5000 times because this shit game didnt give me the level layout i wanted forcing to to try again until i finally get the perfect combination of everything i need, only to fuck up the run purely because my brain just couldnt resist the urge to go the wrong way in sepulcher. you know how frustrating this shit is? 'if i didnt get the key, that would have been sub 4' 'i got the first door, it was so close' like please and thank you ffs, lets not talk about passing 1/10 runs because pq is usually slow, just how many runs die to ramparts, the terrible level layout of stilt and trying to find sepulcher before you have to reset because it took you too long to do it, and sep which ive talked about, there are so many times sub 4 was literally there for me buti didnt get it. that is the most frustrating part - just how many runs ive thrown away to the very end of sepulcher, thats literally why i keep trying because i know i can do it) but i have 0 patience anymore, i just want this to be over soon
This game's a fucking joke. I boot up trying to get a good old 5BC NMG speedrun going and pick out my build, with Barbed Tips for some optimal cheese. Doing the run and guess what? 53 arrows with a Hokuto's buff is doing jack shit to the boss. I'm still on WR pace though so I keep going until Astro, where 3 librarians gang up and destroy the few little bits of sanity I have trying to survive that dogshit biome with a mob composition hand-crafted to make speedrunners suffer the most scientifically possible. Astro's the worst god damn biome and there's no way that around 300k DPS takes 2 god damn minutes to kill HotK.
You cheated not only the game, but yourself. You didn't grow. You didn't improve. You took a shortcut and gained nothing. You experienced a hollow victory. Nothing was risked and nothing was gained. It's sad you don't know the difference
Why are we watching glitched run? Glitched run are not speedruns, they are runs for shitheads. You just go out of wall and fly all over shit. You are not supposed to play game like this. Dont call yourself a gamer if you are doing that - its not a speedrun, its abusing game system